1. Namn på alla i teamet.

Freddy
Albin
Robin
Herman

2. Länk till projektets sida på git-servern.

https://github.com/frsv14/BurgerOrderer

3. Kort sammanfattning om vilken funktionalitet ni har testat.

We tested all the fetures we implemented and almost got it all working.
We have still som buggs here and there but it is just minor things.

4. Kort sammanfattning om hur ni har genomfört testerna.

We manually tested by using the site as it is intended and not as it is intended like writing letters 
where the numbers should be etc


5. Utskrift från er senaste testsession, så att man kan se:

• Hur många tester ni har skrivit

We initially planned to use pytest for automated testing,
but during our transition to Docker Compose, it seems the testing setup got overlooked. 
Unfortunately, we can't pinpoint where it went awry. If you check our commits, 
you'll notice that the test.py file isn’t the one we're looking for, as it was only a temporary 
placeholder. It just had a simple try statement to look if the files existed.

• Vad de testar

The plan was to test the redirects and the database to see what was in it and if it existed
and to check the database password and username aswell as the 

• Hur många tester som lyckas respektive misslyckas

No test exist so every single one failed

6. Era erfarenheter om att skriva automatiserade enhetstester.

• Vad gick bra?

It was an interesting experience exploring Docker Compose and experimenting with it,
especially since I had no prior experience setting up automated tests.
I learned a lot through the process!

• Vad gick mindre bra?

The timing was challenging because we learned about Docker Compose quite late in the process.
This delay impacted our ability to integrate automated testing.

• Hur löste ni svårigheterna? Hade ni kunnat göra annorlunda?

We could have planned each aspect more effectively,
as the final stages of getting everything into Docker Compose
and making it work were quite stressful. A more organized 
approach would have made the process significantly easy.

• Vad lyckades ni inte lösa? Varför inte?

Making the automated testing, because of time constraints

7. Länk till dokumentationen från era respektive debug-sessioner i era indi-
viduella ingenjörsdagböcker.